International Allegro CL Enterprise Edition
6.0 [Solaris] (Sep 8, 2004 10:49)
Copyright (C) 1985-2000, Franz Inc., Berkeley, CA, USA.  All Rights Reserved.

This copy of Allegro CL is licensed to:
   David Chin, University of Hawaii

;; Optimization settings: safety 1, space 1, speed 1, debug 2.
;; For a complete description of all compiler switches given the
;; current optimization settings evaluate (EXPLAIN-COMPILER-SETTINGS).
CL-USER(1): (load "bsl5")
; Loading /home04/19/bsl/ics313/assignment5/bsl5.lisp
T
CL-USER(2): (game-repl)
>walk west

You are in a beautiful garden. There is a well in front of you. There
 is a door going east from here. You see a frog on the floor. You see a
 chain on the floor. You see a herbs on the floor.
>pickup herbs

You are now carrying the herbs
>walk east

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. There is a doorway going east from here. You see a whiskey
 on the floor. You see a bucket on the floor. You see a wand on the
 floor.
>pickup wand

You are now carrying the wand
>walk east

You are in a hallway with pictures all over the wall. They appear to
 be of the wizard and various other people. There is a doorway going
 west from here. There is a doorway going south from here.
>walk south

You are in the kitchen. You see the wizard 's cauldron cooking on the
 stove. There is a doorway going north from here. You see a knife on
 the floor. You see a vial on the floor.
>pickup knife

You are now carrying the knife
>pickup vial

You are now carrying the vial
>cook herbs cauldron

You put the herbs in the cauldron
>stir wand cauldron

You mix the cauldron with the wand and see the potion turn silver
>take-potion vial cauldron

You fill the vial with the potion
>walk north

You are in a hallway with pictures all over the wall. They appear to
 be of the wizard and various other people. There is a doorway going
 west from here. There is a doorway going south from here.
>walk west

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. There is a doorway going east from here. You see a whiskey
 on the floor. You see a bucket on the floor.
>walk upstairs

You are in the attic. There is a giant welding torch in the corner.
 there is an open spellbook on a pedestal. There is a ladder going
 downstairs from here.
>say-spell vial spellbook

The potion turns gold and emits a faint light
>pour vial knife

Theres a bright flash of light and you find a large gold and silver
 sword in your hands. Now you can accomplish what you came here for -
 killing the wizard and stealing his powers. You win.
>quit

NIL
CL-USER(3): '(i won)
(I WON)
CL-USER(4): 