				
				Questions:
Can you break it? What tests will you run to find out? 
Yes, if you type in more than one allowed command it will crash, such as the command look twice it will crash.

				Comments
This output test the new game-repl function
It goes through all the different areas and picks up all of the new items for the multi-part objects




* (load "rasayj4A.lisp")



T

* (id 313 4)
Name: JOHN RASAY

Course: ICS313

Assignment # 4

NIL

* (game-repl)

look

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch. There is
 
a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs from here. There
 
is a door going east from here. You see a whiskey on the floor. You see a
 
bucket on the floor. You see a elastic_rubber_band on the floor.

pickup elastic_rubber_band

You are now carrying the elastic_rubber_band

walk upstairs

You are in the attic. There is a giant welding torch in the corner. There is a
 
ladder going downstairs from here. You see a rock on the floor.

pickup rock

You are now carrying the rock

walk downstairs

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch. There is
 
a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs from here. There

is a door going east from here. You see a whiskey on the floor. You see a
 
bucket on the floor.

walk west

You are in a beautiful garden. There is a well in front of you. There is a

door going east from here. You see a frog on the floor. You see a chain on the
 
floor. You see a wood on the floor.

pickup wood

You are now carrying the wood

walk east
You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch. There is
 
a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs from here. There
 
is a door going east from here. You see a whiskey on the floor. You see a
 
bucket on the floor.

walk east

You are in the kitchen. There is an ogre cooking dinner. There is a door going
 
west from here. You see a knife on the floor. You see a candy_wrapper on the

floor.

pickup candy_wrapper

You are now carrying the candy_wrapper

inventory
Items- elastic_rubber_band wood candy_wrapper rock

quit

NIL

* (dribble)
